Fix RBAC groups user guide [release-1.1 branch] (#4350)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/security/rbac-groups/index.md

    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

> 1.  Apply a `DestinationRule` policy on `sleep` to use mutual TLS when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Apply a policy through a destination rule for the `sleep` service to use mutual TLS when
```

Author: Done.
